Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

Answer:This approach is misleading as these 4 candidates dont have same number of friends i.e DrJillStein has 1650,GovGaryJohnson has 3489,HillaryClinton has 770,realDonaldTrump has 45. As there 
is a vast difference in number of friends which makes difficult to analyze which users are similar
We can fix this problem if number of friends for all 4 becomes approximately same and then we can conculde on who is similar to whom or comparision can be done based on that attribute whose values are not much different and normalized i.e in same range


2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

Answer:The output of the function followed_by_hillary_and_donald is WhiteHouse. Although Donald Trump and hillary clinton are rivals but they both have relation to whitehouse and 
anything related to that hence both follows whitehouse. On looking at whitehouse official page i got to know that all news updates are done on that page.So eventhough 
they are rivals both of them follow whitehouse



3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

Answer:I think as Trump and Hillary are already very popular they have less friends but compared to them the other two are less popular so to gain popularity they might have large number of friends
so that by following people thet can be more updated with the current affiars and as well as get some knowledge about the current situation
This might affect our analysis as all 4 do not have same number of candidates because of which it becoms difficult to conclude who is similar
and even if we can determine similarity we cannot conclude similarity as in actual donal trump dont have only 45 friends


4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

Answer:
	
	Number of Total request we have to make: 5958
	Calculation:
		For each candidates and their friends, we have to make a new twitter request.
		So 4 candidates +  Total of their friends = number of requests.
			4 + 1650+3489+770+45 = 5958 requests.

	total time it will take: 5943 minutes = 99 Hours, 2 Minutes and 59 Seconds
	calculation:
		(Assumption: time to get twitter response is negligible)
		For every friends/ids request, only 15 request can be made in 15 minute time window.
		So after every 15 requests, we have to wait for 15 minutes
		so (total requests/ 15 requests) = 397 windows we need
		after every window we need to wait 15 minutes.
		so 397*15 = 5955 minutes - 15 minutes(because we don't have to wait after last 15 request set) = 5940 minutes
	
	
	
	
	
		
		